fix typos in javascript documentation (#1063)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/arrays/terms/join/join.md

## Syntax

```js
array.join(separator);
```

> An optional separator parameter specifies a string to separate each pair of adjacent element of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `separator` parameter specifies a string or character that goes between each array element in the returned string.
```
